In this lesson, I
want to introduce you
to our in-browser IDE.
It's a space where you can
practice what you learned,
or get a grade for a lab
that you just completed.
But essentially, we want you to
get as much hands on practice
and learning as possible.
And that's what the IDE is for.
So this is an example of
an in-browser IDE lab.
There's the title of the
lesson, and the problem
description down here.
In this particular case,
it's an ungraded problem.
So as the description
says, practice
what you learned in earlier
lectures and maybe even
find answers to some
of the quiz questions.
So this is your sandbox
playground space.
If I click the
Launch IDE button,
I get to the actual
in-browser IDE.
So let's click that button.
So as you can see, the IDE
takes up a fair amount of space.
So you can collapse the IDE
using the minimized button
on the top right,
and then bring it
back up with the button
right next to it.
Let's examine it
a little closer.
There are multiple
tabs and windows
in this one little area.
So let's go left to right.
This tab, labeled Browse
Files, is a File Explorer
where you can browse the files
in your workspace directory.
These files are given to
you to edit for the lab.
You can also
collapse this window
for more space in the IDE.
The next section
is the File Editor.
The editor displays the
contents of the files
on the workspace
directory so you can
edit these files for the lab.
If you want to edit a file
in the workspace directory,
you can click on that
files tab and the editor,
or by selecting the file
name from the File Explorer.
You can edit these
files as you like
and the changes will
stay here unless you
reset the workspace, which
you can do by clicking
this button at the bottom.
So let's say I add a
new point to this file.
I can refresh the page and
this update will still be here.
But once I hit reset workspace,
it'll ask me if I'm sure.
I click OK and now the
change that I made is gone.
So the workspace was completely
reset to what it was originally
configured with.
The files in this editor
usually have some code in them.
Whether it's a MongoDB
configuration file,
a JSON snippet,
or something else.
The next section of
the in-browser IDE
is the terminal window.
This is where you would issue
any shell commands required
for the exercise.
For example, I can check
what version of MongoDB
is installed.
And it looks like we
have MongoDB version 4.0.
You can also collapse
the terminal window
if you want more space
in the file editor.
If this is a graded
assignment, then there
will be some test cases you need
to run against your solution.
To run these tests, you
can hit the Run Test
button on the bottom right.
Running the test will open up
a new tab called Test Results.
This tab will show you
how many tests were run,
how many tests were passed, and
how many tests were skipped.
This assignment is not graded,
so we just added an example
test here that always passes.
If this was a graded
assignment, you
would get feedback
on your solution.
I can also collapse
this tab for more space.
Make sure, when you get
to an in-browser IDE lab,
to check whether or not
the assignment is graded.
I hope you enjoyed learning
with us and good luck.